create link attribute (#741)
aerogear/mobile-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/_partials/data-sync/server-realtime-updates.adoc

----
====

> NOTE: This subscription server does not implement authentication or authorization. For information about implementing authenication and authorization, see link:{data-sync-auth-link}[Supporting authentication and authorization in your mobile app].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: This subscription server does not implement authentication or authorization. For more information, see link:{data-sync-auth-link}[Supporting authentication and authorization in your mobile app].

Also, Passed testing - URL opened was https://docs.aerogear.org/aerogear/latest/ds-auth.html
```

Author: maybe later
